openMAF (Multimod Application Framework)

Instructions for building:

WINDOWS:
MAF compilation under Windows has been tested with the following configuration:
- CMake 2.0.x and 2.1.x from kitware (see later)
- Microsoft Visual Studio 6 (SP5).

Setup and Build:
   1. Place somewhere the source dir (typically e.g. c:\MyProject\openMAF)
   2. Download Cmake from the kitware web site:  http://www.cmake.org/HTML/Download.html
   3. Run CMake and configure the project, by specifying the source tree (e.g. c:\MyProject\openMAF) and where to place the compiled binaries (CMake will create one for you if not existing). Configuring will take some steps: simply continue to press the "Configure" button until all fields become gray, and then press "OK" to generate the project file.*
   4. Using Visual Studio 6 (I'm sorry but VS7 or later won't work yet) and open the "MAF.dsw" workspace file in the build directory.
   5. Compile and build the project. Visual Studio should select automatically the "ALL_BUILD" subproject.
   6. First compilation process is generally time-consuming but it should not return any errors.   

CMake 2.0.x problems: we noticed the autoconfiguration of external projects (VTK, ITK, etc.) has problems with such a version. To make it to work it's necessary to add the visual studio executables directory in the system PATH. When installing VS6 it's an option to register all the PATHs in system variable. Alternativelly you'll have to use vcvars32.bat script to set the environment. The current CMake development version (2.1.x) seems to have solved such a problem.

Linux:
MAF compilation under Linux has been tested with the following configuration:
- CMake 2.0.x and 2.1.x from kitware
- Make+GCC and  Kdevelop3 (Fedora Core 2 versions)

Setup and Build:
   1. Place somewhere the source dir (typically e.g. ~/openMAF)
   2. Download Cmake from the kitware web site:  http://www.cmake.org/HTML/Download.html. For binary version simply untar it (e.g. inside /usr/local) or compile and install it.

For Makefile only configuration:
   3. Create a new directory where to place binaries (e.g. ~/build.openMAF), and change current directory to it.
   4. Run CMake by specifying source directory as an argument: (e.g. "ccmake ../openMAF")
   5  Configure the project by pressing "c" key until the "g" (generation) command is enabled and then press "g" to generate the makefiles
   6. build all by running the "make" command.
   7. enter the "bin" subdirectory and run one of the examples (currently none!)

For KDevelop3 configuration:   
   3. Run CMake directly inside the source tree by specifying the "KDevelop3" generator: "ccmake -GKDevelop3"
   4  Configure the project by pressing "c" key until the "g" (generation) command is enabled and then press "g" to generate the projects
   5. open the MAF.kdevelop project
   6. build all by pressing F8 or from menu.
   7. enter the "bin" subdirectory and run one of the examples (currently none!)

Note:
No installation process is currently supported.
No compilation of external applications is currently supported.
Currently only some base classes has been ported to the new tree. 
Enable testing flag to compile test programs unsing new classes.
